with their bare hands Rescuers in Rafa
scramble to find survivors following
another Israeli strike the attack on
homes in thebat aladas neighborhood left
several people
dead in the east of the city another
Israeli strike killed several other
Palestinians Israel designated Rafa as a
save Zone but Palestinians have found
anything but safety
there shame on them stop this Blood stop
it why this Blood why why are they
Exterminating us if you want to
annihilate us why don't they just do it
once and for all there is no safe place
who told you Rafa is safe every day
bombings bombings bombings there is no
safe
place the house was full of children
women and men I found myself under the
rubble I'm injured slightly I want the
Arab world to stop this war we need to
ceas fire because we're facing
genocide despite Israel's bombardment of
Rafa desperate Palestinians continue to
head to the city from other parts of
Gaza if you want to eat you have to die
in the pursuit of getting food we said
no to this and decided to head to the
South attacks to in central Gaza this is
the aftermath of yet another strike onat
refugee
camp we were sleeping in our house when
suddenly we heard the sound of the
missile exploding we came here to see
the house completely destroyed this
house was rented by civilians who had
nothing to do with the resistance or any
military action they are displaced
people that came from the
north and as ceasefire talks drag on the
people of Gaza continue to bury their
dead Hamza Muhammad Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz